# Agriculture

### Agriculture is the backbone of Indian economy. The Automatic Farm Maintenance System is an Arduino based Project which is made to be an automation for the people who are fresh in their career on agriculture. The Model automatically waters the plants by measuring the temperature and humidity in the ground and details that were already loaded inside it. Depending upon the soil moisture the water automatically passes to the plants in the field. Animal entry into the crops will destroy the crops so to reduce that an alarm system with indication is implemented. Depending on the pH value of the soil the soil content and nutrient availability can be detected. Drone system is implemented as web camera to monitor the field and the growth of the plant additionally this system is used to spray pesticides. There will be 24/7 web camera access with the videos and images automatically saving in the cloud database. When the field is quite large it is difficult to do Wi-Fi connection, so LORA technology is implementing to avoid that drawback. The software is done by Python with inbuild Raspbian OS, App sheet and Java. In hardware used some sensors for temperature, humidity, pH, etc., and some mini controllers. The main goal of the project is to uplift the farmers lifestyle by automatic farming in a mobile application by predicting the best crop to the land area, crop news, its growth guidance, disease and its prevention, crop price, its ups and downs etc., The Machine is additionally fed with the information on growing more than 250 varieties of crops. 
